Hit what is up guys and what KMAX now in this video I'm going to show you how can you install WordPress
on your own computer if you do not basically want to buy a hosting.
And if he did not basically trust the free web hosting.
If you do not want to buy them at hosting then I would highly recommend you to basically go with this
one the local mentored one.
But if you want to go with a free web hosting you can go with that.
But if you do not want to go with that then I will show you.
How can you basically install Wordpress and run it locally on your computer.
So basically when you run computer basically you run WordPress on your own computer and then this is
the question that can you run Wordpress or counting you trons for your whole WordPress website into
the live server later on.
Yes you guys can do that.
OK.
So this is possible so now let's go ahead and let's see how can we work with that.
So let's get started first before we have to basically install a software that is called ZAHM.
It just has to come here and you have to just go to the browser that you are watching.
I would highly recommend you to go with the Chrome browser.
But if you want to go with any of the browser you're totally good to go.
So now you have to just enter this.
You have to enter like Zahm and you have to download it.
So you have to enter like Zahm download.
And this is right here it Apache friends dot org slash downloads so you can either visit this website
as well.
You just have to click this.
And here you can see it's Zahm for Windows.
And here we have this Zahm for Linux and zem for OSX so if you are using Mac you can't install this
if you're using Linux you can't install this or if you're using a Windows you can go with that.
So let's just go ahead and let's install this so I'm just gonna install the latest version that we have
some issue install the latest version that we have already here.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to install this.
I'm just going to hit download and it says download success so it will just download.
I have to hit download and he can see this is downloading this.
So once this is done downloading I will just open it up and then I'll show you how can you just install
it on your computer.
And how we're going to the word press and how we're going to install it.
So stadium guys and I'm just pausing my video.
So I'll be back when it is done.
And here we go you can see it is already done here.
Here it is.
I'm just going to go out and I'm going to open up this file so you can see this file will be OK.
OK it's easy.
I just have to just click yes I'm running Windows 10 right now.
So if you're using any windows it'll work.
I'll make sure that you are above Windows 7 or Windows 7.
OK.
So you can see the file is being open.
We have to wait for some time.
And this just coming right here.
This is the company that basically owns this I think.
I don't exactly know here it's going to give you an error.
Important because it activated or deactivated.
You just have to ignore it.
OK.
You just have to hit OK.
And then we have the Volcom to Zahm Veer-Zaara.
OK.
So what you have to do you have to just click next and it's going to take you to the new page.
And here it takes everything.
So make sure that everything is selected.
If you don't want to install anything you can just uncheck it.
But I would recommend you to make sure that everything is like that you just have to just sit next.
And here we have this so here it stays.
Please choose a folder to install zap.
This is a recommended folder not change it.
Guys unless if you do not have much space in your folder then you can go with it.
But since I already have it you can see that I have so much.
I have 87 G-B so I can just go ahead and install it you just need like to Demitri D.B and that's all
OK.
So I'm going to go with it I'm going to hit next.
And this is right here.
I don't want to learn more.
I'm going to uncheck this OK and I'm going to hit next so you can see set up is now ready to being installed.
Is installing Zahm on your computer.
So you're going to go out and I'm going to hit next and you can see this is unpacking files and this
is basically installing the Zahm onto my computer.
And I have to wait for some time till this is done and when this is done I'll be back.
So I'm just spazzing video right now guys.
So guys you can see Amasias completing the zem set of his art.
OK it is do you want to start to see and allow.
Obviously I want to start it.
So I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to finish.
And you can see it's going to open up a new window.
So it's easy to select the language you can select your language.
I'm just going to select this one OK and I'm going to save so he can see this is right here and it opens
up a control panel that says Zahm control panel version 3.0 2.2.
You might be running the latest version.
OK.
So now what we have to do is that we have to select Apache and the My School we have to just work with
these two.
These two are not necessary.
OK you just have to come here and you have to hit start and you have to start here as well.
He can see this is right here and everything is totally up and running this is running green and this
is running green as well.
So now you can see that if I just come here and I just open this up localhost
OK.
And I just hit enter.
You can see that a new window will be open and it says a Zahm Apache.
Mario DBP HP portal and everything is totally up and running.
This page is coming.
If this is not working properly then you can see this saves port 80 if I just come here and I just said
stop.
And then I just come here and I just basically entered the local host here again you're going see nothing
is opening and it says the site can't be reached.
This is why this is not running.
So if this doesn't run and if this gives an error then what you have to do is that you have to change
your port.
You have to change it.
You just have to open up the file for your zem is installed like in the Vienneau see you have to go
to the zem and then you have to go to Apache and then you have to go to config and then you have to
go to HTP.
Config.
You have to just come here and it stays at it.
So we have to edit it
I can that this would not bet plus plus but I want to show you that how can you edit this vid like note
by itself since mostly people do not have known better blusterous So I'm just going to go down and here
is the No.
I'm just gonna open it up and hearsays it should be open so you can see this is here.
Now what you have to do you have to just press control and then f.
OK and then you have to enter Alison.
OK.
And then you have to hit find next.
So here this is selected.
Now what you have to do you have to close it and then you have to go down.
And here is the lesson.
Dash 80.
You basically have to change the poor name to like anything else so you have to changes like it like
01 or like 5 0.
So if I just come here and I just change it to be like a zero a zero.
OK so let's suppose that I have changed this to a deal a deal because my Zahm was not working.
I had Skype installed or something like that.
OK.
And then I go down and then I also have to search for one more string and that is server name
and this is right here and it's going to close it.
Now I have to go down in here to say server name localhost.
I'm just going to add it like 8 8 8 0 0.
And now I have to go ahead and I'm going to save it someone is going to come here and I'm going to save
this is saved.
I have to come here and I have to restart design.
So I'm just going to come here and let's just stop it and let's just start it again.
So here it is.
You can see this is coming here.
Now what we have to do is that we have to check if this is running.
So now if this doesn't work then you have to check it again and you will see that it's Villard.
So you have to enter like a deal.
And here you can see this is how it is working its localhost Colan 8 0 8 0 slash dashboard.
And this is working totally up.
If you have skype installed on your computer then this vild create a mess.
And if it does not creating a mass then do not worry guys you don't have to change it.
But if you can change it I would recommend you to change this to a detail because it will help you a
lot because in future you might install Skype and usually Skype creates these problem because Skype
has a default port as a detail.
So that is why it just conflict but it does for each other.
But if you just change it to this it is good.
And I can see that we are done still here and now we have to basically work with the installation of
these I'm sorry the word process how we're going to install Wordpress and do it because you can see
it has created a server onto our Web site like it is working as a web site.
OK.
Again as you see everything is totally up and running.
And now I will show you how can you install WordPress in it.
So you can see everything is up and running.
And this is totally OK.
Now let's just go ahead and let's just go to WordPress dot org.
This is where you have to download the Wordpress file.
This will be downloaded and then you have to upload it here.
I'm going to show you how you can do that.
You just have to go ahead you have to hit download Word Press.
OK.
And it should be downloaded.
So here is WordPress four point nine point one.
So once you download it it should be there under your download section or compress.
And here you can see it should be Word Press four point nine point one.
So let's suppose that this is the file that has been downloaded and is going to go out and I'm going
to make it here to the desktop.
So now here it is.
I'm going to open it up and you can see that here should be a folder that says void press.
So what I'm going to do instead of just taking it to installing directly and just going to go ahead
and I'm going to hit extract here.
OK.
This is the file that is being extracted You can see here.
So once this is extracted I'm just gonna open up this file.
OK.
You have to it for something.
You can see this is extracted.
I'm just going to I'm hearing I'm going to open this up.
And now here I have to select all.
And on selecting all this I have to just click add to archive and here I have dyslexic.
And I have to hit OK.
So you can see all these files will basically compressed again.
So you have to extract it.
You have to just open up this folder and then you have to compress it again.
And it takes WordPress.
Zip.
OK.
And now what I have to do I have to open up the Zahm folder where my files are.
So I'm just going to go to the desktop.
I want to go to this PC and I want to go to the files seat and here is the folder.
So in the zom folder you can see that we have each box.
This is basically the root folder on the main folder of our website.
OK.
This is everything.
This is where our file is.
Here you can see field in the Zahm we have this.
If you open up the ventilator AMG and everything is right here.
OK.
So here now I'm going to show you how you can make it so you can basically delete everything from here.
And then you can install the word press in here in the root folder.
But I would not recommend you I would recommend you to basically create a folder here.
So here you have to just go ahead and you have to create a folder.
This is going to be like I'm WordPress so I'm going to name it as the.
And here it should be here.
So let's just go ahead and let's open the folder up and I am going to just copy this file and I'm going
to drag it there.
So let's just open this up.
Here's a W.P. and let's try it here.
Drop it here so you can see this is right here.
Now what I'm going going to do I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit extract here so you
can see this is being obstructed everything.
Make sure that you go to zap and then each deduct HD talks mean the home page home index stacks or whatever.
But this is the home page.
And then we have a new folder.
This is called the W.P..
Now we have to just delete this file.
This word proton's if we don't need this so I can see WordPress files are here.
You don't have to change anything here.
Guys please keep that in mind because if you change anything here it's going to create a mess.
Ok until and unless you know that development.
So now let's come here and now let's go to our Web site.
You can see we are currently here in the dashboard.
If you just open up the localhost it automatically redirects us to the dashboard.
What does the dashboard.
If I just come here and I just go to Zahm and HD docks then you can see HD docks we have a dashboard
so it is redirecting us to this page basically But we want to go to the gloopy page.
So instead of this I just want to add W.P..
OK.
And I'm going to hit enter so you can see this should be here.
You can see that here I am in this W.P. dash adman's set up dash config and everything and you can see
this press is coming you're inside this.
So what this says is that it says English United States you have to just click continue and you will
be taken to the new page and it says welcome to WordPress.
Before getting started we need some information database you will need to know the following items before
proceeding.
So it says that a name that is used a name that is password and database host.
So what they are a guy is basically it's a database name database user name that have his password and
database host.
This is basically the database you have to create a database how you are going to create it.
You just have to go to localhost.
OK.
And then you have to enter the etch.
P My E D M I N.
And that's going to redirect you to a new page.
OK let's see how this is going to look.
It is not working.
Let's just stop it again and let's start it again.
It is baiting.
It is taking some time.
And I hope it is done.
Let's just come here to refresh
OK.
This is not working.
Yes.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to just take stock.
I'm going to stop and I'm going to close it right now and I'm going to open the zem again.
So let's just open the Zomba game OK.
It will create a mess guys.
It will create a mess.
You just have to come here and have to open this up again.
And let's just start and let's start here.
It can see it is running now.
Let's just come here and let's refresh
localhost.
OK.
We have to add one thing you're missing something guys.
We changed the board so we have to add that we have to enter a zero a zero here because we changed the
board.
OK we have to just hit enter and it's going to work then it should void.
I hope fingers crossed.
OK this is working.
You can see this is right here.
The BHB my admin is working and these are the database that out already created.
OK.
So what you have to do you have to just click new here OK.
And it's going to open up a new database database name call Ishan and everything you have to enter a
database name.
So my database name is going to be happy.
OK and I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit.
Create this is my database name OK.
And now what I have to do I don't have to do anything here guys.
You don't have to do anything here.
I just needed a database name.
I just basically wanted to create a database and the database is created.
I don't have to work that I don't have to do anything here.
I just have to come here and then I have to hit let's go.
OK.
So in the database name I just have to enter like gloopy.
And then the user name I have to enter who.
So this is basically my user name of this.
OK.
Different of the hosting providers set up the user name so when you will be migrating or WordPress website
into a new life server you'll buy the hosting.
I'll show you how can you just migrate it.
And what is the user name there.
So this Zahm user name is basically true.
And the password is nothing you have to keep it empty.
And we have the database host it says localhost and then we have the table prefix So this is W.P. what
we have to do now we have to just hit submit.
And if you have entered the correct information here then it will work if you have entered the wrong
information.
It will give you an error.
So let's suppose that I am entering wrong information I just enter a wrong username and then I just
go out and I just hit submit.
You can see it says you cannot select the database.
OK.
If I just go do go back and then I change it to route.
And then I just go ahead and I just hit submit cardkey you have made through this part of installation.
WordPress can now communicate with your database you just have to run the installation.
And here it is you can see that here is the information needed.
So I'm just going to go I'm going to enter the information so the site title is going to be how to create
W.P. site.
OK so.
So let's suppose that this is my title.
OK.
And then I'm going to enter the user name.
So my user name is going to be Zele.
Now I have to enter the password.
I'm just going to hide it and then I'm going to enter the password.
And now here I have to enter the e-mail address so the e-mail address is going to be I can determine
read G-mail dot com which is my e-mail address and I'm now I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit
install WordPress so on just clicking it you will see that WordPress will be installed and the site
will be up and running on my website and on my local server and you will see that voyde press will be
totally up and running.
So you can see Ometepe voting for localhost So once this is done and once everything is done everything
is totally created.
I will show you how it's going to look so you can see it says WordPress has been installed.
Thank you and enjoy.
Ok so now what I have to do I have to just go ahead and aphid to hit log in.
So the log in tab I have to enter the username OK.
And then I have to enter the password.
So OK.
And now let's go ahead and let it logon so you can see that we are here in the Verd press admin down
here we can just manage our press you can see that WordPress is totally installed.
If you just come here and we hit visit site then this is our website.
You can see that this is the root folder that we install the ward press on and he can see this is the
title that is coming and this is just another WordPress website it says Hello World.
Welcome to WordPress.
This is your first post edit or delete it.
Dan start trading and everything is up and running.
Yes.
So you can see this is how it breaks.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And if you just you can now just basically work for the Wordpress you can install teams you can just
go wahan.
You can just move forward with you to me this to me course.
OK you can just learn everything.
And what I am doing on the local on the online server you can do exact same thing on the local server
guys.
OK.
So then you can believe it.
And once your final project is done I will show you how can you migrate your WordPress website into
an online server where you can just buy the web hosting and then work for that as well.
So stadium guys and in the next video we will be working up at the settings of WordPress website I'm
going explain everything about the dashboard that what does dashboard and everything.
And then in the last lectures.
So then you will learn everything about Wordpress and you will build so many websites with wordpress.
I will show you how to migrate your WordPress website so stadium guys and Buh-Bye.